c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/MvcApplication2.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/MvcApplication2.pdb
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/EntityFramework.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Providers.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Razor.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/WebGrease.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/EntityFramework.xml
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.xml
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Razor.xml
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.dll
c:/users/liwei03116/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.pdb
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/MvcApplication2.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/MvcApplication2.pdb
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/EntityFramework.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Helpers.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Mvc.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Optimization.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Providers.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Razor.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/WebGrease.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/EntityFramework.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Helpers.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Mvc.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Razor.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.csproj.CopyComplete
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.pdb
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/MvcApplication2.dll.config
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/MvcApplication2.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/MvcApplication2.pdb
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/EntityFramework.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Cors.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Providers.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Razor.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/WebGrease.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.xml
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/EntityFramework.xml
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Razor.xml
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.csproj.CopyComplete
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.dll
E:/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.pdb
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Cors.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/MvcApplication2.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/MvcApplication2.pdb
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/EntityFramework.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Cors.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Helpers.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Mvc.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Optimization.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Providers.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Razor.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/WebGrease.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/EntityFramework.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Helpers.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Mvc.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.Razor.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.csproj.CopyComplete
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.dll
/Users/weili/Documents/All_work_projects/AngularCourse/MvcApplication2/MvcApplication2/obj/Debug/MvcApplication2.pdb
